README file : 4/19/93

                              ****************
                               EXCELSIOR v2.0
                              ****************

I. IMPORTANT NOTE FOR VERSION 1.0 USERS
   If you played Excelsior v1.0 and registered it or saved any games with
   it which you want to use under version 2.0, read the file RELNOTES.TXT
   for important information!  DO NOT DELETE VERSION 1.0 FROM YOUR HARD
   DRIVE UNTIL YOU HAVE UPGRADED TO VERSION 2.0 USING THE SUPPLIED UTILITY!

II.  LIST OF FILES
    The following list details all of the files supplied on the Exelsior
    disk:

        README          This file
        REFMAN.TXT      Excelsior Reference Manual - Formatted for easy
                        printing.  Includes installation instructions -
                        READ THIS FILE!
        VENDOR.DOC      Information for shareware vendors
        EXLSIOR.EXE     Compressed Excelsior in self-extracting form
        FILE_ID.DIZ     Description file for BBSs/catalogs

    In addition, there may be files which have been placed on the disk by
    the shareware vendor from which you obtained this disk.

III.  REGISTRATION INFORMATION

   With registration you will receive:

        -  The latest version of Excelsior (if necessary)
        -  A printed reference manual and 50 page Fixer's Handbook
        -  The option to obtain a hint book
        -  Discounts on other Castle Software products

   To register Excelsior, simply run the register program.  (Type
   "register" at the DOS prompt.)  Complete instructions on registering
   will be explained by the registration program.


IV. DEFINITION OF SHAREWARE

    Shareware distribution gives users a chance to try software
    before buying it.  If you try a shareware program and continue
    using it, you are expected to register.  Individual programs
    differ on details -- some request registration while others
    require it, some specify a maximum trial period.  With
    registration, you get anything from the simple right to continue
    using the software to an updated program with printed manual.

    Copyright laws apply to both shareware and commercial software,
    and the copyright holder retains all rights, with a few specific
    exceptions as stated below.  Shareware authors are accomplished
    programmers, just like commercial authors, and the programs are
    of comparable quality. (In both cases, there are good programs
    and bad ones!)  The main difference is in the method of
    distribution.  The author specifically grants the right to copy
    and distribute the software, either to the general public or to a
    specific group.  For example, some authors require written
    permission before a commercial disk vendor may copy their
    shareware.

    Shareware is a distribution method, not a type of software.  You
    should find software that suits your needs and pocketbook,
    whether it's commercial or shareware.  The shareware system makes
    fitting your needs easier, because you can try before you buy.
    And because the overhead is low, prices are low also.  Shareware
    has the ultimate money-back guarantee -- if you don't use the
    product, you don't pay for it.


V. DISCLAIMER - AGREEMENT

   Users of Excelsior must accept this disclaimer of warranty:
   "Excelsior is supplied as is.  The authors disclaim all
   warranties, expressed or implied, including, without limitation,
   the warranties of merchantability and of fitness for any purpose.
   The authors assume no liability for damages, direct or conse-
   quential, which may result from the use of Excelsior."

   Excelsior is a "shareware program" and is provided at no charge
   to the user for evaluation.  Feel free to share it with your
   friends, but please do not give it away altered or as part of
   another system.  The essence of "user-supported" software is to
   provide personal computer users with quality software without
   high prices, and yet to provide incentive for programmers to
   continue to develop new products.  If you find this program
   useful and find that you are using Excelsior and continue to use
   Excelsior after a TEN (10) day trial period, you must make a reg-
   istration payment of $20 (US) to Castle Software.  The $20 registration
   fee will license one copy for use on any one computer at any one
   time.  You must treat this software just like a book.  An example
   is that this software may be used by any number of people and may
   be freely moved from one computer location to another, so long as
   there is no possibility of it being used at one location while
   it's being used at another -  just as a book cannot be read by two
   different persons at the same time.

   Anyone distributing Excelsior for any kind of remuneration must
   comply with the restrictions detailed in the VENDOR.DOC file
   (supplied on this disk).  If the vendor is in compliance with all
   of the specified restrictions, no written permission is necessary
   beyond the VENDOR.DOC file and such distributors may begin offer-
   ing Excelsior immediately.  (However, Castle Software must still be
   advised so that the distributor can be kept up-to-date with the
   latest version of Excelsior.)

   You are encouraged to pass a copy of Excelsior along to your
   friends for evaluation.  Please encourage them to register their
   copy if they find that they can use it.  All registered users
   will receive a copy of the latest version of Excelsior, printed
   manuals, the opportunity to obtain a hint book, and discounts on
   other Castle Software products.

